
XML package v0.8.3

This is the Python XML package.  The distribution contains a
validating XML parser, an implementation of the SAX and DOM
programming interfaces, an interface to the Expat parser (and the
Expat parser itself), and a C helper module that can speed up
xmllib.py by a factor of 5.  There's even documentation!

For information on the licensing conditions for each component,
consult the LICENCE file.

The only requirements for installing the package are Python 2.0 or
later, and a C compiler. Note that the Python must actually be an
INSTALLed python, rather than one that is being used directly from
Python's build area. This release has been tested with Python 2.x.

To compile everything, simply perform the following steps.

1) Run "python setup.py build" to copy *.py files and compile the C
   extensions.

2) To install everything in the site-packages directory as an xml/
   package, run "python setup.py install".

If you want to use PyXML's experimental XSLT package, you need to pass
--with-xslt to setup.py.  If you also want to install FourThought's
4Suite package, you should not install the XSLT package and also avoid
the XPath package, so you can use the one from 4Suite.  This can be
done by using the command line option --without-xpath.

If you use a binary distribution package, no compiler is needed, and
setup.py does not need to be run.

If you have difficulty installing this software, send a problem report
to <xml-sig@python.org> describing the problem.

Software versions and credits:
    4DOM                Fourthought, Inc. (Uche Ogbuji, Mike Olson)
    4XSLT               Fourthought, Inc. (Uche Ogbuji, Mike Olson)
    PyExpat             Jack Jansen, Fred Drake, Martin v. Löwis
    Expat 1.95.7        James Clark, Clark Cooper, Fred Drake, Karl Waclawek
    saxlib-1.0          Lars Marius Garshol
    sgmlop-000705       Fredrik Lundh
    xmlproc 0.70        Lars Marius Garshol
    minidom, pulldom    Paul Prescod
    PyTREX              James Tauber
